♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups And The Snow Monster."
Yum…
Whoo-hoo! More snow!
Yay! [barks]
Nice run, Rubble.
[Marshall] Adventure Bay Snow Day,
here I come!
Uh-oh!
Look out!
-[crashes]
-[grunts]
[all groan]
Almost done.
[gasps]
Ooh, nice touch, Rocky.
-Great snowman!
-Wow!
Ryder should be here to see this.
I'll get him.
Hey, Ryder, let's go!
Adventure Bay Snow Day
won't last all day.
Well, okay, it will last all day,
but I don't want to miss a second.
[giggles and barks] Yeah!
[chuckles] Whoo-hoo!
Whoo! Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
[woman screaming]
There's no such thing as a snow monster!
You don't have to leave!
Look! I took pictures
of the monster tracks.
[beeps]
Yikes! What is that thing?
But, dude…
And I got a monster video too!
[beeps]
Hey, what's that?
[growling]
Adventure Bay snow monster!
Whoa, little dude.
That is some kind
of seriously strange strangeness.
It was so spooky.
I never saw a real snow monster before.
Aw, man. [gasps] I know who to call!
[beeps]
Hey, Ryder, it's Jake.
Bad news, dude.
We're going to have to cancel
Adventure Bay Snow Day.
-What?
-Why?
[Jake] Some skiers said they saw
the Adventure Bay snow monster.
Now everyone is totally spooked.
The Adventure Bay snow monster?
That's just an old story.
Yeah, I know.
But if we don't find whatever
people think is this monster, dude,
I'll have to close the slopes
for the winter
or maybe, like, forever.
Close the slopes?
I'm sure there's a simple explanation.
The PAW Patrol
will come and figure it out.
-No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
[laughing]
Whoa! Whoa!
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder's calling!
-Whoa!
-My snowman!
Ah! [grunts]
Let's… [grunts]
…go!
[all barking]
[giggling]
[barking]
Marshall, look out!
Whoa!
[grunts]
[chuckles] Bull's-eye.
[all laugh]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
PAW Patrol, we have a mystery
in the mountains.
Skiers are leaving because they thought
they saw a snow monster.
Alex even got it on video.
[growling]
[Alex] Adventure Bay snow monster!
-[gasps]
-Oh!
A real snow monster?
Those are just stories.
But we just saw it.
Of course we know
snow monsters aren't real,
so we have to figure out
what Alex recorded on his phone.
[beeps]
Chase, I need your nose and your net
to catch whatever is making those tracks.
Chase is on the case!
[beeps]
Rubble, I need you and your bulldozer,
in case we need to move some snow
and I might need you to snowboard down
to help look for tracks.
Whoo-hoo! Snowboard time!
I mean, Rubble on the double!
[all laugh]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blaring]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[Rubble] Yay! [barks]
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[beeps]
Let me clear a path.
Jake's mountain, here we come!
Aw, thanks for coming,
Ryder and the PAW Patrol.
Ski season would be a bummer
with no skiers.
We'll figure this mystery out.
So, where did you see the tracks?
At the bottom of that slope.
Let's take a look.
-Yes!
-[barks]
Hop on.
Don't worry. We'll solve the mystery
and get the slopes
full of snowboarders again.
[Chase] Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
Whoa!
Here are some tracks!
[sniffing]
They're deep.
Whatever made them is really heavy.
You think
that giant, six-eyed monster is near here?
Rubble, they're aren't any--
[growling]
What? There aren't any what?
Snow monsters.
Let's find out what's really going on.
Chase, sniff it out.
I'm on it, Ryder.
[sniffing]
[gulps]
[Ryder] What is it, Chase?
Something's making me…
[sneezes]
…sneezy.
Ah, thanks for getting me out.
-[barks]
-[sniffing]
The monster went this way.
Okay, let's go.
Home?
Come on, Rubble.
Sure, no problem.
[sniffing]
[Ryder] Hmm…
Looks like our mystery creature
likes berries.
[sniffing]
Yeah! Look, Rubble.
Rubble?
Where'd he go?
[Rubble whimpering]
Rubble, what are you doing?
I'm, uh, standing lookout,
in case something…
comes out of the bushes.
I can't believe you're scared of a--
[growling]
[both] Monster!
Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
Pups, you're not afraid of a little noise,
are you?
[both] Sorry, Ryder.
[both] Let's do this!
[sniffing]
It's close. Really close.
[growling]
Really, really close.
[gasps] Ryder!
Snow monster! [barks]
Gotcha!
Oops.
Chase…
[Chase barks]
Sorry, Ryder.
I was trying to catch the snow monster.
He was right there.
[mooing]
-[mooing]
-[all scream]
There it is! We found the monster!
Huh? Now that's a snow monster.
[Mooing]
That's no monster! It's a "moo-ster."
-[mooing
-[clucking]
[laughing]
The snow monster is
Farmer Yumi's cow and goat
and Mayor Goodway's chicken.
They were after the berries!
It made those strange tracks
because Bettina's wearing boots.
[clucks]
Hmph! I knew that's what it was.
Come on, monster. Let's get you home.
Uh-oh.
[sneezes]
-[mooing]
-[bleating]
Come back, Bettina!
And that's the sound they make together.
Well, Jake, here's your snow monster.
The abominable "chicka-cow-go" monster?
[chuckles]
We told you
there was a logical explanation.
Sure you did, little dude.
Oh, thank goodness.
You found Garbi and Bettina.
Chickaletta, you naughty chicken.
I was so worried.
[clucks]
[laughing] Silly cow,
how did you get those old boots
stuck on your feet?
Thanks for finding them.
When there's trouble, just yelp for help!
All right, Jake,
you can open up the slopes now.
[barking]
Adventure Bay Snow Day is about to begin!
[Ryder] You pups were awfully good today.
You deserve some serious snow day fun.
-Yay, snow day!
-[howling]
[Skye] Yay!
Yay!
-[barks]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barking]
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo! Yeah!
[barks] Yeah!
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And you saved the day ♪
-Yee-haw!
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Uh-oh!
Whoa! [grunts]
[all laughing]
[Chase] I'm okay.
[theme music playing]